Improve code assist docs (#1965)
Qiskit/documentation: docs/guides/qiskit-code-assistant.mdx

## Next steps

<Admonition type="tip" title="Recommendations">

>   - Install and use the official [JupyterLab](/guides/qiskit-code-assistant-jupyterlab) or [VSCode](/guides/qiskit-code-assistant-vscode) extensions.
>   - Check out examples to use the Qiskit Code Assistant for [circuits](https://docs.quantum.ibm.com/guides/circuit-library), [configuring error suppression](https://docs.quantum.ibm.com/guides/configure-error-suppression), and [transpiling with passmanagers.](transpile-with-pass-managers)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Install and use the official [JupyterLab](/guides/qiskit-code-assistant-jupyterlab) or [VS Code](/guides/qiskit-code-assistant-vscode) extensions.
  - See examples to use the Qiskit Code Assistant for [circuits](/guides/circuit-library), [configuring error suppression](/guides/configure-error-suppression), and [transpiling with pass managers.](/guides/transpile-with-pass-managers)
```
